doc: improve the documentation of the stdio option (#48110)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cluster.md

    **Default:** `false`.
  * `silent` {boolean} Whether or not to send output to parent's stdio.
    **Default:** `false`.

>   * `stdio`:[https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v20.x/docs/api/child_process.html#optionsstdio] {Array} Configures the stdio of forked processes. Because the
>     cluster module relies on IPC to function, this configuration must contain an
>     `'ipc'` entry. When this option is provided, it overrides `silent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `stdio`{Array} Configures the stdio of forked processes. Because the
    cluster module relies on IPC to function, this configuration must contain an
    `'ipc'` entry. When this option is provided, it overrides `silent`. See
    [`child_process.spawn()`][]'s [`stdio`][]
```

and add

```
[`child_process.spawn()`]: child_process.md#child_processspawncommand-args-options
[`stdio`]: child_process.md#optionsstdio
```

to the bottom of the file.

[`server.close()`]: net.md#event-close
[`worker.exitedAfterDisconnect`]: #workerexitedafterdisconnect
[`worker_threads`]: worker_threads.md
[`child_process.spawn()`]: child_process.md#child_processspawncommand-args-options

> [`stdio`]: child_process.md#optionsstdio

Reviewer: Can you please sort these alphabetically?
